fix: don't use semihosting with espflash (#1985)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/debug-console.md

When the flashing tool does not, support for semihosting can still be enabled in the firmware by selecting the `semihosting` [laze module][laze-modules-book].
This is needed to later be able to attach a semihosting-enabled host tool to the target.

> [!NOTE]

> > When semihosting is enabled on the target and a monitoring tool that doesn't support semihosting is used, calling [`ariel_os::debug::exit()` function][debug-exit-fn-rustdoc] may trigger an exception.

Reviewer: #1987 uses the more generic "host tool" instead of "monitoring tool" for now. But is it actually caused by a host tool being used or not? Could it be that it always happens but we just can't see it?

Alternatively, instead of removing "function", "the" could be added before exit():

```suggestion
> When semihosting is enabled on the target and a host tool that doesn't support semihosting is used, calling [`ariel_os::debug::exit()`][debug-exit-fn-rustdoc] may trigger an exception.
```

Author: The interrupt is probably fired anyway but we don't see it, this note is mainly to avoid getting bug reports about it.

Reviewer: > The interrupt is probably fired anyway but we don't see it

It's not just about the interrupt, it's about the subsequent panic stemming from it. I still have qualms about that phrasing because that would somewhat imply that it does *not* panic when no host tool is connected while we think it does, so that would be a bug.

Author: I changed the phrasing to be "when no compatible debugger is connected"

Reviewer: Continuing the discussion in another thread, because the original comment is now outdated and I can't make suggestions.

> > For example on ESP using espflash you would get:

Reviewer: I think I've found the issue I actually had: my understanding is that the exception is always generated, that's how semihosting works (from the [semihosting specification](https://developer.arm.com/documentation/dui0471/m/what-is-semihosting-/what-is-semihosting-)):

> Semihosting is implemented by a set of defined software instructions, for example SVCs, that generate exceptions from program control. The application invokes the appropriate semihosting call and the debug agent then handles the exception. The debug agent provides the required communication with the host.

What matters is whether the exception results in a panic or not, and that does depend on whether the exception is handled by a compatible host tool:
 
```suggestion
> When semihosting is enabled on the target and no host tool supporting semihosting (or a debugger) is connected, calling [`ariel_os::debug::exit()`][debug-exit-fn-rustdoc] may result in a panic.
> For example on ESP using `espflash` you would get:
```

Author: That makes sense, I was also tempted to replace the "may" into a "will".

Reviewer: > I was also tempted to replace the "may" into a "will".

I'm not sure at all, this doesn't seem to be the case on other MCU families (when using logging-over-UART), or even on ESP on some examples, for instance on the `hello-world` example (which I don't actually understand).
